README.md, before:

### Hello! My name is Lawrence :nerd_face:, and I am a ✨software developer✨  :desktop_computer:

---

Let me start with some of my favorite things. My #1 author is Isaac Asimov :books:. I read many of his novels and short stories. I love science :ringed_planet: and I am a curious person. I like many TV shows :clapper: like Star Trek, Lost, Breaking Bad and Cosmos.

But we are here to talk about my skillset. Althought my focus is backend development I have frontend skills too. Let's see some of my coding preferences:

#### Backend development

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; :elephant: &nbsp;PHP

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/193798/159024383-4200e4b4-9f2e-47eb-8363-4a3cdc81905b.svg" width="14">&nbsp; Laravel

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; :church: &nbsp;Blade and Smarty _template systems_

#### Frontend development

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/193798/159032363-605cceb2-4b08-4822-9937-8ad7e11552d8.svg" width="14">&nbsp; Javascript

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/193798/159032800-eca8f91f-300d-450d-bcf7-89aeaa007fab.svg" width="14">&nbsp; HTML

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/193798/159033386-b6fa81cd-3f89-4e5f-8728-2c8dbc80adf3.svg" width="14">&nbsp; CSS

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/193798/159033940-30f76c86-67c5-48f7-8a96-fb652d639621.svg" width="14">&nbsp; Tailwind CSS

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/193798/159034118-c5511ebc-1521-4bc2-a56a-1b6c72c54aab.svg" width="14">&nbsp; jQuery _(but I prefer JS native)_

#### Databases

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; :dolphin: &nbsp;MySQL and :seal: &nbsp;MariaDB

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/193798/159035130-becb531b-ef72-4c38-aa1e-051f99fe8fbc.svg" width="14">&nbsp; Oracle

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; :feather: &nbsp;SQLite

---

To be brief, I use many tools commonly used in development, like GIT, SSH and Docker. About operating systems I prefer Linux, but work with Windows too. I already installed and configured many web servers with Apache, PHP and MySQL/MariaDB. And I love to learn new technologies.

Let's not extend this talk anymore. Go, look at some goodies I made opensource.

- A [Conway's Game of Life implementation](https://github.com/llagerlof/game-of-life-dom), using javascript and svelte.
- A [PHP library](https://github.com/llagerlof/MoodleRest) to access Moodle's webservices.
- A [web application tool](https://github.com/llagerlof/freezer) to help developers to research and discover which records were inserted into a database.

<!--
**llagerlof/llagerlof** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Added the chrome extension to README

README.md, after:

### Hello! My name is Lawrence :nerd_face:, and I am a ✨software developer✨  :desktop_computer:

---

Let me start with some of my favorite things. My #1 author is Isaac Asimov :books:. I read many of his novels and short stories. I love science :ringed_planet: and I am a curious person. I like many TV shows :clapper: like Star Trek, Lost, Breaking Bad and Cosmos.

But we are here to talk about my skillset. Althought my focus is backend development I have frontend skills too. Let's see some of my coding preferences:

#### Backend development

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; :elephant: &nbsp;PHP

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/193798/159024383-4200e4b4-9f2e-47eb-8363-4a3cdc81905b.svg" width="14">&nbsp; Laravel

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; :church: &nbsp;Blade and Smarty _template systems_

#### Frontend development

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/193798/159032363-605cceb2-4b08-4822-9937-8ad7e11552d8.svg" width="14">&nbsp; Javascript

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/193798/159032800-eca8f91f-300d-450d-bcf7-89aeaa007fab.svg" width="14">&nbsp; HTML

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/193798/159033386-b6fa81cd-3f89-4e5f-8728-2c8dbc80adf3.svg" width="14">&nbsp; CSS

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/193798/159033940-30f76c86-67c5-48f7-8a96-fb652d639621.svg" width="14">&nbsp; Tailwind CSS

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/193798/159034118-c5511ebc-1521-4bc2-a56a-1b6c72c54aab.svg" width="14">&nbsp; jQuery _(but I prefer JS native)_

#### Databases

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; :dolphin: &nbsp;MySQL and :seal: &nbsp;MariaDB

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/193798/159035130-becb531b-ef72-4c38-aa1e-051f99fe8fbc.svg" width="14">&nbsp; Oracle

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; :feather: &nbsp;SQLite

---

To be brief, I use many tools commonly used in development, like GIT, SSH and Docker. About operating systems I prefer Linux, but work with Windows too. I already installed and configured many web servers with Apache, PHP and MySQL/MariaDB. And I love to learn new technologies.

Let's not extend this talk anymore. Go, look at some goodies I made opensource.


- A [Conway's Game of Life implementation](https://github.com/llagerlof/game-of-life-dom), using JavaScript and Svelte.
- A [PHP library](https://github.com/llagerlof/MoodleRest) to access Moodle's web services.
- A [web application tool](https://github.com/llagerlof/freezer) to help developers identify which records were inserted into a database.
- A [Chrome extension boilerplate](https://github.com/llagerlof/fresh-chrome-extension) (Manifest v3) containing basic functionalities of a browser plugin.

<!--
**llagerlof/llagerlof** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
